in this video we are going to learn how
to do get this texture with eggshells if
you want to learn how to get this
texture I'll put a link in the
description below but let's get started
let's do this puppy okay for this
eggshell texture technique we're going
to get the Mod Podge or whatever glue
you're using and you're going to coat
the canvas or board or whatever surface
very liberally now you're just going to
take your broken up shells if you want
to crunch them a little more you can and
you're just going to sprinkle them all
over the painting
you can kind of tap down the shells onto
the glue okay now that the glue has
dried I'm just going to tip it over and
get all the extra pieces off that aren't
stuck to the canvas brush your hand over
now you're going to apply another really
thick layer of glue and we want you to
actually apply about three layers of
glue
all right so now you're going to paint
over the eggs you can paint over it with
really carefully with the brush I'm
going to use some silver spray paint and
don't be dumb like me and not wear a
mask
okay now you're going to get some shoe
polish on a brush a bristle brush is
easiest but whatever brush you have will
work and just brush that shoe polish
evenly onto the whole surface of the
painting being careful to get it in
every little nook and cranny
now take a cloth or just a paper towel
and just rub the shoe polish off and
you'll notice it'll stay in the nooks
and crannies and that's what we want
now just like in some of the other
videos I've done with a shoe polish I'm
going to create a vignette around the
edge of the painting or you know the
dark that fades into the center light
just by doing small brush strokes around
the edge in kind of pressing down and
then lifting up all around the edges
alright guys I hope you enjoyed this one
don't forget to subscribe
we've got lots of our tutorials already
made and lots coming I'm including you
know other ones with using eggshells ok
see ya
you